Clarifies which relays to put in the zap request (#1302)
nostr-protocol/nips: 57.md

A `zap request` is an event of kind `9734` that is _not_ published to relays, but is instead sent to a recipient's lnurl pay `callback` url. This event's `content` MAY be an optional message to send along with the payment. The event MUST include the following tags:

> - `relays` is a list of relays the recipient's wallet should publish its `zap receipt` to. The list SHOULD include the recipient's READ relays from [NIP-65](65.md), the sender's READ relays and the post author's READ relays (e.g receiver and author are different when paying zap splits)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `relays` is a list of relays the recipient's wallet should publish its `zap receipt` to. The list SHOULD include the recipients' READ relays from [NIP-65](65.md), the sender's READ relays, and the post author's READ relays (e.g receivers and author may be different when paying zap splits)
```
